See, before we can complicate things here, I see we already have a separate Compliance Management section, which means we can simply rename that to Practice Management, bearing in mind that the Practice Management will show the current dashboard that we just actually designed to be the first landing dashboard. It's just a suggestion. From there, on our main dashboard, the one that we intend to put as a main dashboard, we'll create a centric approach for business operation, normal for the invoicing starts and all the stuff, which will also cover the owners and individual signups on the system that will show normal operating business dashboard and also basic of their filing rules. Please suggest, because already we have two sections. Let's delegate the compliance one to be for the tax practitioners and accountants specific. Business owners, since they will not see the compliance dashboard on the left pane, but they can be able to just link their registered company with normal filing due, upcoming due dates, vet filing dates, and so forth. Please analyze the way I explained that we already have a separate section for the tax practitioner, which you can dedicate and just make it a compliance. Look at the one for the tax practitioner that is already available on the system and compare with the one that is going to be a landing page for the overall system. Let me know what you suggest. Instead of creating difficulties, that section for the tax practitioner is already implemented, and there is a separate section, which I believe is good, because the tax practitioner, when they log in, they will know where to go to manage their practice, where to show exactly practice management. Let me know if my decision will be better.Can the current dashboard cover both of eyes or tell me what's going to happen? Because it's nicely separated already. We have the compliance dashboard, which means only the text practitioners, when they access there, they will be able to see the overall clients and their own stats as a practice.